[DOCS] Fixes to the getting started section (#247)
boostercloud/booster: docs/README.md

ℹ Project generated!
```

> Booster CLI commands follow this structure: `boost <subcommand> [<flags>] [<parameters>]`. 
> Let's break down the command we have just executed:
>
> - `boost` is the Booster CLI executable
> - `new:project` is the "subcommand" part. In this case, it is composed of two parts separated by a colon. 

> > The first part, `new`, means that we want to generate a new resource. The second part, `project`, indicates which

Reviewer: if "new" means "generate" maybe we should consider renaming it?

Author: Yes! I thought exactly the same Javi. 

Reading the documentation made me realize that.

Ticket: https://agilemonkeys.atlassian.net/browse/BOOST-868

Reviewer 2: Agree 💯 **%**

        └── CreatePost.ts
```

As we mentioned before, commands are the input of our system. They're sent
by the users of our application. When they are received you can validate its data,
execute some business logic, and register one or more events. Therefore, we have to define two more things:

1. Who is authorized to run this command.

> 1. The events that it will trigger.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be like this:

```suggestion
2. The events that it will trigger.
```

Author: Oh no no, Markdown only requires `<any number>.` at the beginning of each line and it will render properly

> 1. The type of the events that will be triggered.

Author: Right!

```

We can do any validation in the command handler before storing the event, for our
example, we'll just save the received data in the `PostCreated` event.

#### 4. First entity

So far, our `PostCreated` event suggests we need a `Post` entity. Entities are a
representation of our system internal state. They are in charge of reducing (combining) all the events
with the same `entityID`. Let's generate our `Post` entity:

```bash
boost new:entity Post --fields title:string content:string author:string --reduces PostCreated
```

You should see now a new file called `Post.ts` in the `src/entities` directory.

> This time, besides using the `--fields` flag to indicate the properties of our `Post` entity, we have
> also used the `--reduces` flag to specify the events the entity will reduce to produce the Post current
> state. The generator will create one _reducer function_ for each event we have specified (only one in this case).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This time, we use the `--fields` flag to indicate the Post' entity properties. There is also a `--reduces` flag to specify the events the entity will reduce, and therefore, produce the Post current state. The generator will create one _reducer function_ for each event we have specified (only one in this case).
```

Reviewer: Just a side note about the docs: Can we configure the markdown linter to have paragraphs in a single line? That really helps to contribute at review time...

Reviewer 3: Yes, done https://github.com/boostercloud/booster/pull/249

Author: Done with a smale change here: d0f8b1b

Reducer functions in Booster work similarly to the `reduce` callbacks in Javascript: they receive an event

> and the current state of the entity, and generate a new version of the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the current state of the entity, and returns the next version of the same entity.
```

}
```

Entities represent our domain model and can be queried from command or
event handlers to make business decisions or enforcing business rules.

#### 5. First read model

In a real application, we rarely want to make public our entire domain model (entities)

> including all their fields. What is more, different users may have different views of the data depending

Reviewer 2: I usually see `in addition` or `moreover` , but feel free to leave your version with `What is more` (baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more 🎶 )

Author: JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA

}
```

> Entities represent domain model our system and can be queried from command or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Entities represent our domain model and can be queried from command or
```

event handlers to make business decisions or enforcing business rules.

#### 5. First read model

In a real application, we rarely want to make public our entire domain model (entities)
including all their fields. What is more, different users may have different views of the data depending
on their permissions. That's the goal of `ReadModels`. Client applications can query or
subscribe to them. 

> Read models _project_ entities to build themselves. Let's generate a `PostReadModel` that projects our 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read models are _projections_ of one or more entities into a new object that is reachable through the query and subscriptions APIs. Let's generate a `PostReadModel` that projects our 
```

`Post` entity:

```bash
boost new:read-model PostReadModel --fields title:string author:string --projects Post:id
```

We have used a new flag, `--projects`, that allow us to specify the entities (can be many) the read model will

> project. You might be wondering what is the `:id` after the entity name. That's the [joinKey](#the-projection-function),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
watch for changes. You might be wondering what is the `:id` after the entity name. That's the [joinKey](#the-projection-function),
```

There are two things to do when creating a read model:

1. Define who is authorized to query or subscribe it

> 1. Add the logic of the projection functions, where you can filter, combine, etc., the entities fields.

Reviewer 3: 👍

Reviewer 2: This should be:

```suggestion
2. Add the logic of the projection functions, where you can filter, combine, etc., the entities fields.
```

Author: You don't have to do this. Markdown will render it properly so that you don't have to keep the numbers up to date ;-)

#### 6. Deployment

At this point, we've:

- Created a publicly accessible command

> - Emitted an event as a mechanism to store data.

Reviewer 2: I'd avoid the period:

```suggestion
- Emitted an event as a mechanism to store data
```

- Reduced the event into an entity to have a representation of our internal state
- Projected the entity into a read model that is also publicly accessible.

> With this, you already know the basics to build event-driven, CQRS-based applications

Reviewer 2: To be honest, I prefer `That's all`, as it somehow concludes and rewards the reader.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2271237/88172332-b66b7b00-cc18-11ea-996a-0c2b8403d0ce.png)

Author: Now seriously. If you read the previous paragraph, `That's all` seems like it doesn't fit well.

#### 6. Deployment

At this point, we've:

- Learned to create a publicly accessible command
- Emitted an event as a mechanism to store data.

> - Reduced the event into an entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced the event into an entity to have a representation of our internal state
```

Note:

> > In this example, the IDs are generated on the client-side. When running production applications

Author: This should change when we allow to return IDs from command handlers.
